hey whats up guys how's it goin today
I'm doing benchmark tests regarding the
msi radeon 7970 HD 3d you by boost
edition card and this card I've
currently got overclocked as well as
more CPU as well as my ram so without
further ado anyone going talk about a
few of the features of the car before I
actually get into the video and I should
slow my talking that okay there we go
slow my speech down okay so obviously
the three gigabyte is the amount of
gddr5 memory which is nice you know four
hundred dollars can't complain Mitchell
moon about that too mini displayport as
well as a hdmi port as well as DVI port
so yeah if you want to you know have say
eyefinity technologies sport it came
with this card and yeah it supports the
crossfire technology so yeah anyway I
will talk about the actual requirements
so i recommend a vulnerable power supply
or greater okay so 150 or what 8-pin
pcie connector as well as a 75 watt
6-pin PCIe connector I highly recommend
going for something like that to get the
full use of this card so that further
ado I'm going to display to you the
settings i'm on the game at this current
point in time now go to the video as you
can see i'm running everything on ultra
nothing can go past 1920 x 1080 on this
monitor as well as fieldview set to 90
motion blur is set to maximum so without
further ado anyway i'll get into the
actual game itself going to use the m416
my notice ball one anyway um yes you can
see here the game is running flawlessly
this current point in time i'm not
getting any FPS drops and some guy just
killed me i should actually focus on the
game maybe yeah but anyway um but yeah
anyway that's the car the next game i'm
going to be doing is either cross two or
maybe crysis 3 depending on arm you know
what i want to do so yeah anyway guys
that's the benchmark test for a
battlefield 3 i'll just display the game
a little bit more at least I'll try and
get to more of an intensive area here so
you can at least see how the card
performs like you I'm trying to do the
best I can to try get the FPS drop no
it's not dropping which is you know
fantastic considering the price of the
GPU it's actually it's unbelievable
really I mean it costs less than xbox
one which I was thinking about getting
but screw that when I can actually have
one of these cars next year I can
upgrade to another one if I wish because
of the thousand off our spa that
upgraded to
so yeah and if I guys this is the
benchmark test with battlefield 3 for
the msi radeon 7970 i hope this was
helpful our next game I'm going to be
doing here crysis 3 or crosses two
depending on everything so yeah no FPS
drops on my screen when I'm not
recording or actually as every single
person should know when you're not
recording you get better overall
performance anyway so ya know my guys
thanks for watching hope this helped you
out I'm going to be doing crysis 2
across three next and I'll show catch
you next time